>> Kyle Simpson: What I'm getting at
here is that function purity is a level
of confidence,
it's not a binary characteristic.
Over the break I was asked by someone,
what if there was a syntax that we could
say, this thing is definitely pure and
it threw errors, or not?
And that's missing the point of JavaScript
and the point of function purity.
Because the point of it in JavaScript
is how confident are we
the reader in its behavior?
In other words, from here on out in our
discussions, when I ask you the question,
is this thing a pure function or not?
The wrong answer is yes or
no cuz it's not a binary question.
The right answer is I have a high degree
of confidence that it will behave pure.
Or I don't have very much confidence
that it will behave pure,
that's really what we wanna get.
So we wanna be able to get
those sunglasses on so
that when we look at our code,
we see that.
We see the parts where we have
high degree of confidence, and
we see the parts where we have
low degree of confidence.
And we wanna shift that balance as much as
possible to the high degree of confidence.
That is the heart of
functional programming,
using pure functions as much as possible.
>> Kyle Simpson: And remember,
these are calls, not function definitions.
What's important is the function call
behaves pure or doesn't behave pure.